//Requirement:App used for watching videos .



APP INTRODUCTION:


           ° Youtube is an app which is used as watching videos whatever we wants it is functionalised by the google.
           
           ° It is a platform that everyone is a common people who watch,post,subscibers,etc...
           
           ° It is a stage where it creates the content creators to create something else and posted in his channel.
           
           
SIGN UP PAGE:

        
           ° The sign up page requires the users details which may be email address or mobile number.
           
           ° It can be easily done by the email which you have given to the google account.
           
           ° Click the login in page .
            
LOGIN PAGE:

          ° The login is the common and primary thing that is necessary in every application .
          
          ° It shows the details of the user which you already gives in the sign up page.
          
           ° Once again it will verify you by the process of the email address and password to log in
           then it is ready to start.
           
      
HOME PAGE:

        ° It starts with the logo of this app.
         Then in the main page it shows the recommended videos.
         
        ° In the top right corner thergsijsmskwmwkekrrorlrrrwas an profile icon,Searh icon and a video recording button.
      
FEATURED ICON:

             ° Home page
             ° Explore page
             ° Subscription page
             ° Notification page 
             ° Library page 
              
         • The home page starts with the recommended and subscribed videos.
         • The explore page shows the Trending videos of Music,Gaming,Sports etc..
         • subscription icon shows which we subscribed to the channels.
         • Notification indicates the posted video which we subscribed to the channel.
         
         • The Library page shows the history,downloads,liked videos,watch later ,etc...
         
         
ABOUT THE APP:

            • We can create our own videos and can easily uplpoad .
             
            • The posting videos can be properly edit and it requires a thumbnail for proper creator does everything for a good video.
             
            • The video that we can like,dislike,share,download and watch later buttons are in the video
             
            • The comment section also present in the video which it may depend upon the creator he should able to off the comment section or pin the comment.
